Previously on Nashville
I had the pleasure of getting to
know your daughter, Maddie.
I have been a terrible
person in my life.
I think someone wanted you to
have a chance to change.
I don't do the things
you're asking me to do.
I don't move the way
you're asking me to move.
You fight me and you
waste everyone's time!
What's all this?
This didn't even come
through the mail.
It didn't have a stamp
on it or anything.
Rayna, I'm so glad I found you.
Have you got my letters?
Wait, I just want
to talk to you!
-Outside!
The important thing
is most of these guys
end up not being dangerous.
- Yeah, well, he tried
to attack her, so...
- Well, he tried
to get to her.
Now the question is
in his mind,
was that to attack her
or to be her friend?
- I wouldn't bet
on the second one.
- We're not. Don't worry.
- Oh, hey, babe.
- Hey.
- This is Dave Winters.
He's the security guy
that Dolly told us about.
- Oh, yeah. Thanks so much
for coming over so quick.
- Nice to meet you.
- Appreciate it.
I was just saying
to Mr. Claybourne
that most of these people
are actually harmless.
If we handle them right
and we have some patience,
we can get him to go away.
Now the problem is the few
who have something else in mind.
That's where
you really need us.
- I have friends
who've gone through this,
and it can last for years.
- I know.
It's like a virus.
But the main thing is
you've got the restraining order
in place now.
- Well, that's just
a piece of paper, though.
- That's true, but if
he violates the terms,
he's going to jail.
- And violating the terms
means what,
that he tries
to come after me again?
- Ms. Jaymes,
every one of us
has been to Iraq,
Afghanistan,
and places
you never heard of
dealing with nasty,
nasty characters.
This man
will not get to you.
- Oh, look
at that beautiful leg.
- Looks like craters
on the moon under that bandage.
- Well, better than
steel rods sticking out.
- I still can't move
my left leg.
- God, you will. Jeez.
- I'm not a patient person.
- Really? I hadn't noticed.
Okay, stay put.
We'll work on
your range of motion.
- So have you told
your dad yet?
- God, you're nosy.
- Yeah, and proud of it.
- Yeah. I actually called him
on Sunday finally.
His exact words were,
"God doesn't make mistakes."
- No.
- It's okay. I told him,
well, God must have known
what he was doing
when he made me trans.
- Yes. You go, girl.
- Okay, ease into it.
Good.
- It's so weird.
Sometimes I think
I'd be better off as a guy.
- (laughs)
I swear!
- Now that's funny.
- I swear.
I think like a guy.
That's the truth.
- All right, Mr. Macho.
Ready for that left leg?
- Oh, yeah.
(both laugh)
- Whoa!
"Home." Your first gold.
- I was such a baby
when I did that.
- Excuse me. "Billboard"
number one for six weeks.
- Good.
- Yeah, some people
like video games.
I like finding out
everything there is to know
about a subject.
And guess what I found out.
- What?
- Luke Wheeler is selling
Wheelin' Dealin'.
- No, he's not.
- Yeah. He still wants to sing.
He's just tired
of the business.
- Who told you that?
- I told you
I like to know things.
- There's no way that's true.
I would know.
This is a very small town.
- Rayna, we should buy it.
- What?
- Highway 65
should buy Wheelin' Dealin'
without delay.
- With what, your money?
- Of course.
Rayna, I really think
you need to do this.
This is the next step
in making Highway 65
what you want it to be.
- Luke Wheeler is not gonna
sell me Wheelin' Dealin'.
You realize that we were
supposed to get married.
I left him at the altar.
- Right. You think
I don't know that?
- Of course you do.
- Come on.
- Apparently, Hockney
had been stalking Jaymes
for months
without her knowledge.
According to
the restraining order,
Hockney must stay
more than 300 feet...
- Can you turn that off,
please?
- So is he just
coming after you
or is it me and Dad
and Daph, too?
- Nobody's coming after
anybody.
He's trying to, you know,
he's just trying
to get close to me
in a way
that's inappropriate.
- We're just gonna make sure
he doesn't.
- Are you gonna carry a gun?
- Yeah.
- No.
- Look, baby, he hasn't made
any threats or anything, right?
He's a stalker.
It's just an unfortunate
part of this business.
- Okay. Well,
I don't want any dessert,
so I'm gonna go
to my room now.
- She wants to call Clay
and have dessert later.
- Hey, honey, can we all
stay here for a second
and talk about this?
This really
affects everybody.
- I thought you just said
that there was no threat.
- Well, I just want to make sure
we're on the same page.
- Just say it, okay?
You hate him.
- I hate who? Clay?
- Yes. It's so obvious.
- All right, we're talking
about security here.
- I don't hate Clay.
I don't even know Clay.
I think
he's too old for you.
What is he, 27?
- He's 24, and you guys
clearly hate him
because he's black.
- Hey!
- Are you kidding me right now?
- You guys can't
seriously tell me
that you had no reaction.
- I'll let you.
- My reaction?
I don't want my daughter
being taken advantage of.
And a 24-year-old
with a 17-year-old
is taking advantage.
- Oh, God.
- I don't care if he's
green, blue or purple.
Does he know
he can go to jail for this?
- Just forget it, okay?
- No, no, no, no.
We are gonna have this out
right here right now.
You think my reaction would
be different if he was white?
- Yes. Honestly, I do.
- Here's what I really think.
Not very long ago,
white people and black people
had a very hard time trying to
be in a relationship together,
even when we were younger.
We knew people like that,
and it was not easy.
Just like for gay people,
it wasn't easy.
But, my God,
the world has changed.
People can make choices
that they didn't use
to be able to make,
and that is
an amazing thing.
So if he was your age,
I would say, yes, you go, girl.
You love whoever
you want to love.
That is great with me.
- Thank you.
- But he's not your age,
he's 24,
and he's too old for you.
- I'm going upstairs now,
okay?
- He's really cute.
Just saying.
- Hey.
- Look at you on crutches!
- I've only fallen
four times today.
Come in.
I'm glad
we're finally doing this.
- Yeah.
No, my folks
are still in North Carolina.
I came here for college
and I never left.
- You're a social worker?
- Yeah. I work
with families in crisis.
- That's amazing.
- Sometimes. You know,
a lot of the time,
it's just heartbreaking.
- Yeah, I bet.
You make a huge difference
in peoples' lives.
So you really think that
this is gonna be okay?
- Mm-hmm. It's a church,
you know.
Anybody can come.
- I know.
I just don't
want to be a distraction.
- Juliette can sometimes
have that effect.
- I haven't been
in public since--
- You know what?
I think people are gonna be
really happy to see you.
Avery, you should come, too.
- You know, I'd love to,
but I have a gig on Sunday.
- He's performing
at Barista Parlor.
First time in a while.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- All right.
I have to ask this.
Girl, you can sing?
- (chuckles)
Thank you.
Wait. Was that a question?
- You know what
my question's gonna be.
- Have I ever pursued it?
- Yes. Have you?
- I am pursuing it
in my way.
I just don't know if it
would mean anything to you.
- Why not? 'Cause it's not
about fame and fortune?
What's it mean to you?
- You know,
why don't you come
to the East Nashville
Community Center Monday 2:00?
I'll show you.
- Okay.
- Don't look
down the hallway.
Just stare in your locker.
- Why?
- Flynn-Bur-Nett.
- What about him?
- Wants to text you.
- Get out!
- Swear.
Jeanie told Amelia
and she told my brother.
- Why?
- Don't ask that question.
I told Jeanie
I'd give him your cell,
but you have to say
that's okay.
- Oh, my God,
he looked at me.
- I take it
that's a yes.
- Motion and sound
activated.
And once again,
if you see our friend,
go ahead and hit
the emergency key on the keypad.
(alarm sounds)
- Thank you.
(alarm stops)
Thank you.
- Oh...
- They're almost done.
They're heading out.
- I'm worried about Maddie.
- Yeah, me, too.
Wanna put a guard on her?
(both laugh)
- I don't know.
I feel like we're all
so vulnerable right now.
And she's a child,
but she's not a child.
And everything I say
is wrong and--
- She's just a teenager
lashing out at her mom.
You know that.
- I don't know.
By the time I was a teenager,
my mom was gone.
Can't fight about boys
with a ghost.
- Baby...
She needs you
so damn much.
That's what makes her mad.
- You're kind of smart.
- (chuckles)
- Oh, over here.
Okay, this old guy
is totally crazy,
but he knows everything.
(knock knock)
Jimmy?
- Here we go.
Look out for this guy.
He steals
all my best records.
- Oh, hey, hey, hey.
I buy your best records.
- The price you pay,
it's stealing.
Oh, look what I found in
somebody's barn this week.
- Oh, my God!
Bob Wills
"Smoke on the Water," 1945.
Kill me!
- Perfect condition, too.
But this is not for you.
I could get 200
for this easy.
- Oh, come on, Jimmy.
You know I'd give it
a good home.
- Oh, make me cry.
50.
- Oh! You're killing me!
- Look, I'm trying
to retire here, okay?
10 bucks?
Can you handle that?
- (laughs)
- Sold.
- What are you
laughing about?
This is not funny.
- All right,
so I'm kind of confused.
- About what?
- Well, you say that
you have mood swings,
but other than that one night,
I really haven't seen them.
Everybody just seems
to love you.
- So what, like because
I put on a good show,
everything must be all right
on the inside?
- Is this really
just a show?
- Look, do we really have
to talk about this right now?
I mean, come on.
I thought we were having
a good time.
- Well,
I don't want to think
that you're putting on
a show for me.
- Look, everybody's
putting a show.
You're putting on a show
right now.
- No, I'm not.
- Okay, you're really young.
Look, maybe this
was a mistake.
- How am I
putting on a show?
- Because there are things
on your mind right now
that you're
not talking about.
You're mad at somebody.
You're worried
about something.
Everybody has things
they don't talk about.
- Okay. What are you
not talking about?
- Why are you doing this?
- 'Cause I want to know.
- Okay, you want to know
what I'm not talking about?
I think you're scared of me.
- I am a little.
- At least you're honest.
- Do you want to know
what I'm not talking about?
- No.
- Too bad.
When you got hurt,
who started the fight?
- Oh, my God. Is that
what you're scared of?
What, you think I'm gonna
hit you or something?
- You're an idiot.
I'm asking you
who started the fight.
- Look, I don't hurt people,
Maddie.
The only person I hurt
is myself.
- That's what I'm afraid of.
- You sure about this?
- No.
But we're here now, so...
(band plays)
- ♪ You wanna
step into my ring ♪
♪ 'Cause the word
is on the street ♪
♪ You want
a little piece of me ♪
♪ I won't back down ♪
♪ I won't back down
at all... ♪
- And ain't we all blessed
to be sharing it right here?
You see,
you have to remember
that the Lord
is for everybody everywhere.
- ♪ You had your chance ♪
♪ Been a change of plans ♪
♪ This kind of man ♪
- ♪ I won't back down ♪
♪ I won't back down
at all... ♪
- I said two or three.
When two to three
gather in His name.
- ♪ I won't back down ♪
♪ I won't back down
at all ♪
- And His eyes are on us.
- Come on down.
- Are you sure?
- As He gives us the gift
of another Sunday.
- ♪ I won't back down ♪
♪ I won't back down
at all ♪
♪ You had your chance ♪
♪ Been a change of plans ♪
♪ This kind of man ♪
♪ I won't back down ♪
♪ I won't back down
at all... ♪
- Even the least of us
is a treasure in God's eyes.
- Welcome
to our congregation.
- When you're frightened...
- ♪ I won't back down
at all... ♪
- And even if you feel weak
or you feel lonely,
the Lord stands
right beside you.
You see, the Lord knows!
Hallelujah!
- Hallelujah!
- Amen!
Praise the Lord!
Praise God!
(cheers and applause)
Hallelujah!
Praise the Lord!
- ♪ When Jesus
is my portion ♪
♪ A constant friend is He ♪
♪ His eye is on
the sparrow ♪
♪ And I know He watches me ♪
♪ I sing because I'm happy ♪
♪ I sing
because I'm free ♪
- I'm free, Lord!
- ♪ His eye
is on the sparrow ♪
♪ And I know He watches me ♪
- Thank you.
- I need some of that bacon.
- Hey, Billy.
Didn't think I'd see you
at Barista Parlor.
- That's what I love
about Nashville.
You never know where you're
gonna find new talent.
- Find any today?
- I almost forgot
you could sing.
- I've been busy.
- Yeah, I'm really sorry
to hear about Juliette.
I'll tell you what, though.
You decide you're ready
for a real manager,
give me a call.
- Thanks, Billy.
- You got it.
My first commission.
- You look good today.
- It's nice to finally
be able to get around.
- I can only imagine.
- Yeah, learning patience
was quite a trial.
- I'm gonna go out on a limb
and say it was your feistiness
that got you through this.
- I'm gonna take that
as a compliment.
- You should.
So I wanted to talk to you,
because Luke Wheeler
is selling
Wheelin' Dealin' Records,
and Highway 65
is going after it.
- Wow.
- So I wanted to see
how you would feel
about coming back
to Highway 65.
- I'm flattered...
and surprised, considering
everything that happened.
- There's a lot of water
under that bridge.
- I'm not sure
what use I'd be to you.
- What are you
talking about?
You're gonna be back in
the studio before you know it.
- I actually
do have an idea.
- See? I knew it.
- I want to make
a gospel album.
Gospel and spiritual.
- Wow.
- And you think
that's a terrible idea.
- I don't.
It's just a big change.
- Well, it's where I'm at
in my life.
- Yeah.
That's gonna be beautiful.
- And you're regretting
asking me to join Highway 65.
- No. I'm thinking to myself,
whatever you do next,
I want it to be on my label.
- ♪ Your kiss
is a train... ♪
- You show me
that bit again.
What you did was great.
(knock on door)
(music stops)
What timing.
We've just been
talking about you for hours.
Are you ready to see it?
- No.
- It won't bite you.
- It already did.
- I'm sorry about that.
I say it again.
You don't
have to look at it.
- Yeah, I do. The whole
world's gonna look at it.
I got to see it first.
(music plays)
- ♪ Your touch, your touch ♪
♪ Is everything now ♪
♪ I feel so much ♪
♪ It's taking me down ♪
♪ Down ♪
♪ Take me down... ♪
- It's still
a bit of a mess.
We still need to--
- How did you do that?
- What did I do?
- I always hated
seeing pictures of myself.
Kind of made me gag
most of the time.
- I'm sorry if I--
- No, this is different.
This...
- I'm not sure I understand
what's happening.
- This was a horrible
experience for me,
and I hated you.
You know that.
- It was somewhat obvious.
- So how did you do that?
I'm seeing myself,
but not from the outside.
Not like a picture.
You've shown me
from the inside.
You've shown me what I look like
in my own mind.
How did you do that?
- I didn't.
You did.
- We don't need
to talk about it anymore.
I get it.
I got to go.
- Was that Clay?
You didn't need to hang up.
- I know.
- What's going on?
- Nothing.
- You can talk to me,
you know.
- I know...but I can't.
- Because?
- Because it's nothing.
- Well, it's not nothing.
If it was nothing,
then I think
you'd be talking to me.
- Why do people have to be
so complicated?
- Because they're people.
How's he complicated?
- No. If I tell you,
you'll freak out.
- I won't freak out,
I promise.
- So he says
that he is bipolar.
- Okay.
There's treatment for that.
- No. He won't take
any medicine.
He says it's like
hurting his creativity.
- Well, how does he act?
- Mom.
- I'm just wondering
how it affects his behavior.
- This is exactly why
I can't talk to you about this!
- What do you think
I'm gonna say?
- No. I know
what you're gonna say.
He's bad for you.
He's gonna hurt you.
You should be with somebody
who's not crazy.
- Well, you should be with
someone who's not crazy,
if you can find someone.
(both laugh)
How does he treat you?
- He's amazing,
like so sweet and smart.
But then sometimes he's just
like completely gone.
- Well, my baby,
I would spare you
all the hurt in the world
if I could,
but I can't.
I fell in love with
a messed up alcoholic.
Wasted years of my life
trying to figure that out.
Got it wrong
most of the time.
I mean, we're good now,
but I'm not sitting
in judgment of anybody.
I just hope...
- What?
- I just hope you know
you deserve to be happy.
Everybody does.
- Who here likes candy?
- Me!
- I knew it!
We're in luck,
because you know
what our name is?
- No.
- The Nashville
Chocolate Drops.
So hopefully,
you will like our music
as you like candy.
So we are gonna teach you
a song.
Will you sing with us?
- Yeah!
- It goes like this.
♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- Excellent. ♪ So roosters
crowing on Sourwood Mountain ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- Man, these guys
are ringers.
♪ Ducks in the millpond,
geese in the clover ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- ♪ Tell the pretty girls
I'm a-coming over ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- ♪ Roosters crowing
on the Sourwood Mountain ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- ♪ So many pretty gals
you can't count 'em ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- Awesome!
♪ My true love
is across the river ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- ♪ A few more days
and I'll be with her ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- ♪ Roosters crowing
on Sourwood Mountain ♪
- ♪ Hi-ho, fiddle-I-day ♪
- Oh, that was so awesome!
Let's give each other
a round of applause!
So I have a question
for you guys.
What is this?
- A banjo.
- A banjo!
People from Africa
brought the idea
of the banjo
over to the United States.
It is over years 160 old.
If I was 160 years old,
how would I walk?
(groans)
Like this.
I'm so glad
you could make it.
- Y'all are incredible.
- Stop. (laughs)
- I'm serious.
Why aren't you recording?
- Who's gonna want to hear
those old songs?
- Are you kidding?
The entire world.
- Oh, yeah, right.
- You stick with me,
Hallie Jordan.
You're gonna make a record.
- Hey, Daphne?
I've heard you sing.
With your sister?
- Yeah, we sing together.
- That's cool.
Did you always do that?
- Not when we were babies.
- Well, I didn't think that.
- No. I mean, yeah,
like a long time.
Like a very long time.
- That's cool.
Here, give me your number.
I'll text you and...
- I, uh...
- Weird frickin' girl.
(cheers and applause)
(band plays)
- ♪ I can still feel
that summer wind blowing ♪
♪ Those four wheels rolling
underneath me and you ♪
♪ I can still feel
that freedom just fly by ♪
♪ And it's burning
like a wildfire ♪
♪ In the dark that night ♪
♪ We were picking up speed ♪
♪ You were whispering
to me ♪
♪ Baby, just gun it ♪
♪ Oh, man,
we were running wide open ♪
♪ Our 100 mile an hour
hearts ♪
♪ My race against
your curfew heart ♪
♪ On an out of here
highway ♪
♪ Wide open ♪
♪ Life in the fast lane ♪
♪ Radio turned up
as loud as it can go ♪
♪ And the speakers blown ♪
♪ We didn't even know
where we were going ♪
♪ Wide open ♪
♪ On a straight stretch ♪
♪ Of some yellow-lined
blacktop ♪
♪ You said
what if we don't stop ♪
♪ And go all the way ♪
♪ And I swear
I never took my foot off ♪
♪ We were falling,
we were flying ♪
♪ We were chasing down
the lightning ♪
♪ Wide open ♪
- Hey!
I heard you were here!
- Oh, how are you, Will?
That was awesome.
- Oh, thank you.
- This is Zach Welles.
Will Lexington.
- Oh, yeah, we met
at the video shoot.
- I remember.
Good to see you again.
- You a fan of Luke's?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Well, I'm gonna go change.
Y'all can wait in
my dressing room if you want.
- No. You know what?
I'm gonna watch for a while,
but thank you.
- Good to see you.
- ♪ Wide open ♪
♪ That summer wind blowing ♪
♪ Those four wheel rolling,
wide open ♪
- I'm gonna go walk around.
- Okay.
- That summer wind blowing ♪
♪ Those four wheels
rolling ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ That summer wind blowing ♪
♪ Those four wheels
rolling ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
- Whoa.
Sorry.
- Are you on the list, sir?
- Uh...I doubt it.
- Hey, Rooster, it's all good.
He's a friend.
Come on in.
- Thanks, Rooster.
- I sweat out seven pounds
doing these gigs.
(laughs)
It's like playing football.
You play sports?
- No, I'm afraid
I missed that boat.
- Well, just as well.
Save your body
later in life.
- Yeah.
So the reason we're here,
since you didn't ask,
is Mr. Wheeler
is selling his company,
and Rayna and I
would like to buy it.
Now, Rayna didn't tell you
anything, did she?
- No, sir.
- I asked her not to
at least until the deal
is finalized,
and I was hoping
you would do the same.
- Sorry to hear
that Luke's selling.
He was good to me.
- We'll be better.
Will, we think
you're very special.
- Yeah. Special is a word
that's applied to me
fairly often these days.
- Yeah, and by idiots.
We have plans for you, Will,
big plans that I doubt
Luke's people ever thought of.
- Well, it sounds like you want
to send me to the moon.
- That's actually
a friend of mine's project.
I was thinking
more earthbound,
but definitely
beyond Nashville.
So you have my number.
Call me.
I'd love to get to know you
a little while I'm here.
- You seem to know
a lot of people already.
- That's a guest list.
This is different.
- Busted.
- You caught me.
- I did.
- (laughs) You telling?
- Not if you get me some.
- Deal.
- So Mom's out
with Luke Wheeler,
and you're jealous.
- Look at me.
- I'm so happy
she married you.
- That makes two of us.
What?
- I don't know.
How do you know
when something's right?
- Aren't you a little young
to be thinking about all that?
- (sighs)
- I mean, you should just
be out there meeting people,
seeing what you like,
seeing what you don't.
Slow down. It's all gonna
get complicated soon enough.
- Mom met you
when she was my age.
- I was afraid
you were gonna say that.
- I don't know.
I had this thing
the other day.
I just realized
people are like worlds,
like whole worlds inside.
So big, you know.
Everyone's walking around
like with their own history
and feelings
and different ways
of seeing things,
and it just
boggles my mind.
- And you just thought
of this the other day?
At 17?
- Yeah.
- You're something else,
girl.
- It also scares me,
you know.
Like how do two people
ever find common ground?
(cell phone rings)
- You can get it.
- No, it's okay.
- No, seriously. Go ahead.
- I honestly don't know
what to say to him right now.
- I've walked that buffet
too many times.
You sure
you don't want anything?
- No. I ate already.
- Mr. Welles?
- Oh, no, thank you.
And please call me Zach.
Mr. Welles was my father
and not a very pleasant man.
- Well, he must have been
friends with mine.
Come on, let's have a seat.
We can chat.
It's good to see you, Rayna.
You look like a happy woman.
- Well, thank you.
It's good to see you, too.
- So I'm thrilled y'all
came out to hear me sing,
but I'm guessing
that's not the whole story.
- Well, yeah.
We heard you might be interested
in selling Wheelin' Dealin'.
- Whoa. So much for secrets.
- Well, it's Nashville,
honey.
- And as Rayna knows, I do
pride myself on my research.
- If I didn't know better, I'd
say you had my office bugged.
- (laughs)
Not quite.
- Well, do you?
Is it true?
- Ever since
the whole IRS thing,
my heart's
just not been in it.
Phone calls, meetings,
emails all the time.
What I'd rather do is sit
on my farm, write some songs,
and then go fun places
and sing 'em.
- Good for you.
- Sounds amazing.
And I think
we can help you do that.
- You can?
- Well, Zach sort of
has it in his mind
that he would like to buy
Wheelin' Dealin' for Highway 65.
- Interesting.
- We would protect your artists,
including you.
- Oh, I'm sure you would.
- But, look,
if it's too weird--
- Why would it be weird?
- (laughs)
- You know what, son?
Could you give us a moment?
- Yeah, sure.
- Thanks.
(chuckles)
It really is good
to see you, Rayna.
- You too. I'm glad
to see you looking so happy.
- Well, I am.
- Good.
- You want me to do this?
- Look, I want you to do
whatever you want to do.
- Do you trust him?
- So far, yeah.
- Okay, then.
- Okay? Okay, that's it?
- I trust you, Rayna.
- That's kind of amazing.
- It took me a while
to understand
that you and me,
we would have been a mistake.
But you saw it and I didn't,
and I give you
all the credit for that.
So, yeah, if your Zach Welles
is interested in buying,
I'm interested in selling.
(chuckles)
- Hey, it's Clay.
Listen, Maddie,
no need to worry, okay?
I get it.
I want you
to have a good life,
because you deserve that.
So you take care,
and you better
write some songs.
I'll see you.
- I'm awake.
- You look serene.
- No one's
ever said that before.
- You wear it well.
- I feel like this change,
it's kind of amazing.
- Is this from getting better
or from the church?
- Everything.
But, yeah, the church.
- That's very cool.
- You're skeptical.
- No. It's just never really
been your thing, you know.
- Neither was being paralyzed
in a plane crash.
- Fair enough.
Look, Juliette, if this
helps you, I'm all for it.
- I'm not just doing this
because it helps me.
It goes so much deeper
than that.
- Then tell me.
I want to know.
- No, you don't.
If you wanted to know,
you wouldn't ask like that.
- Like what?
Okay, what is going on here?
- Sometimes I just feel like
you want me to be unhappy.
- Oh, my God.
- As long as I am miserable
and suffering,
you're totally fine.
But as soon
as I find something--
- Hey, hold on a second.
That is totally unfair.
I've been here every second.
- Until I'm better, and then...
- I'm still here.
- I feel...this change
happening inside,
like I'm coming out of myself
for the first time.
- That's wonderful.
- I don't know why
and I'm just afraid
it's gonna go away
and I'm convinced that people
just won't quite accept it.
- Hey, they'll accept it.
- Sorry, guys, but I think
you should see this.
- Oh, what is it?
- Put on your Sunday best,
because country music star
Juliette Barnes
is going to church.
Miss Barnes,
who is still unable to walk
after
her recent plane crash,
is apparently seeking help
from a higher power.
- Juliette Barnes finds
religion? There's a twist.
- Yeah.
I think she's hoping
the church will do
what rehab couldn't.
- She's praying
any producer
will want to work
with her again.
- Hmm.
- There's Flynn.
- I was weird to him
the other day.
- What did you do?
- I tried to talk
and nothing came out.
- You can do it now.
- No, I can't.
- Hey, Flynn!
- Shut up.
What are you doing?
- Be right back.
What's up?
- So do you still
want my number?
- Not if you're weird.
- I'm no weirder than you.
- Yeah, I want it.
- Daphne?
- Who are you?
- I'm a friend of Rayna's
of many years.
- You don't know my mom.
- Well, give this to her.
That's all.
- Help!
- Well, he'll be held
until arraignment.
Then a judge will charge him
with violating
the restraining order.
- Can he get out on bail?
- Not if he's considered
a threat.
- He accosted our daughter
at school.
- He violated that order,
honey.
He ain't going nowhere.
- This is really scary.
- I know.
Let's just head home.
- Yeah.
Let's go, sweetheart.
Thank y'all very much.
Thank you.
- I'm fine.
- You don't want to go home?
I'm a mess and he didn't even
talk to me, sweetie. You sure?
- He didn't attack me.
He gave me a letter.
- Well, honey, I think I'd feel
better having you home.
You're not upset?
- Do you want me
to be upset?
- No. In fact, I think
you handled it amazingly.
I'm very proud of you,
but I just...
- We have concert rehearsal,
so I will see you guys
later.
- Is that okay?
- Well, she's certainly
not in any danger.
Look, I know this is very
upsetting to both of you,
but as long
as she's okay with it,
we're probably better off
not making her think it's
a bigger thing than it is.
- Right, right.
Okay, thanks.
- Thank you.
- ♪ And your kiss
gives me amnesia ♪
♪ If you told me,
I'd believe you ♪
♪ I was just born ♪
♪ It's like time
wasn't true ♪
♪ Before you ♪
♪ I don't remember
who I was ♪
♪ Baby, your love
has got me fuzzy ♪
♪ Just like everything
was just a dream before you ♪
♪ It's all a blurry memory ♪
♪ You look at me
and everything ♪
♪ Was deja vu ♪
♪ Before you ♪
(cheers and applause)
Hey, thank you, guys.
Thank you all.
- You were amazing.
- Keb' Mo' is amazing.
- So are you.
- I didn't expect
to see you again.
- I do the unexpected.
- Look,
you should let me go.
- Why would I do that?
- Because I scare you.
- Well, that's a reason
not to let you go.
- Okay, that makes no sense.
- Yes, it does.
You do things that scare you
every day.
It's just not part of the show
you put on for the world.
It's a part of you
I want to know.
- You're making a mistake.
- And you're boring me.
Can we go
do something fun?
- You look more beautiful
than ever.
- Thank you.
- You know what
this is gonna be like.
- I know.
(band plays)
- ♪ Can't nobody do me
like Jesus ♪
♪ Can't nobody
do me like the Lord ♪
♪ Can't nobody ♪
- Do you think
you'll ever perform again?
- ♪ Do me like Jesus ♪
♪ He's my friend ♪
- Juliette, why this church?
- ♪ Picked me up
and turned me around ♪
♪ Picked me up
and turned me around... ♪
- Please! Please! Let us
go about our business.
- ♪ Picked me up
and turned me around ♪
♪ He's my friend ♪
- ♪ Said he healed my body ♪
- ♪ Healed my body ♪
♪ Told me to run on ♪
♪ Healed my body ♪
♪ He's my friend ♪